10 villas a year
Make you willing to be his dog slave
This is how your Lux Group teaches you to treat guests
You know?
What are you worth? The Tirith Group
I came here today.
It is because the president of Lux Group
Give me a villa
You fart
Lux Group is about to become one of the top ten companies in the country
You kind
Throw it on the street and no one looks at it
Be careful here you are
how
Now even this kind of ignorant thing
It's so out of class now
Qin Shao, you are right
I'll get someone to kick them out
Sister Xin, don't do this, shut up for me
How dare you speak for them?
Don't be shameless
Our company is the largest real estate company
They dare to make trouble here
I'm afraid I'll lose their lives
And rightly so.
Sister Xin, what you said is a bit too much
After that, they made Qi Shao unhappy
Can you afford this responsibility?
Xiaoxin
Three more knives
It's all about your performance
Thank you Qi Xiao
Do you see it?
That's the big shot.
A casual sentence
It's a poor dick like you
Silk will never understand
Breaking the sky and getting rich and buying a villa?
I'm afraid it's not 30 years of old and broken loans
Can't afford it
And after you?
Don't rush everyone to receive
Isn't this a waste of time?
What is your most expensive villa?
Cloud Pavilion on the top of the mountain
I want this set